README.md, before:

# kata-bootstraps

[![java-ci-badge]][ci-actions]
[![php-ci-badge]][ci-actions]
[![rust-ci-badge]][ci-actions]
[![python-ci-badge]][ci-actions]
[![scala-ci-badge]][ci-actions]
[![js-ci-badge]][ci-actions]
[![ts-ci-badge]][ci-actions]
[![go-ci-badge]][ci-actions]



Empty projects for e.g. Katas with testing support in different languages
(usually with a failing test, in order to know where to start)

On the top level you can find different languages that are supported.

On the second level (in a particular language's directory) you'll find
different testing frameworks that are supported.

In each directory for a particular framework, there is always `README.md` file
that contains various useful information. At minimum it contains the
information on how to install the dependencies and run the tests.

You are welcome to contribute by submitting likewise a min setup for your language or framework of choice with a pull request. If possible please also create a [github workflow](https://help.github.com/en/actions/automating-your-workflow-with-github-actions/configuring-a-workflow#in-this-article).

----
[Cookiecutter](https://github.com/audreyr/cookiecutter) has a similar goal and also supports multiple languages for setting up a bare project.

[java-ci-badge]:https://github.com/swkBerlin/kata-bootstraps/workflows/Java%20CI/badge.svg "CI build status"
[php-ci-badge]:https://github.com/swkBerlin/kata-bootstraps/workflows/PHP%20CI/badge.svg "CI build status"
[rust-ci-badge]:https://github.com/swkBerlin/kata-bootstraps/workflows/Rust%20CI/badge.svg "CI build status"
[python-ci-badge]:https://github.com/swkBerlin/kata-bootstraps/workflows/Python%20CI/badge.svg "CI build status"
[scala-ci-badge]:https://github.com/swkBerlin/kata-bootstraps/workflows/Scala%20CI/badge.svg "CI build status"
[js-ci-badge]:https://github.com/swkBerlin/kata-bootstraps/workflows/js%20CI/badge.svg "CI build status"
[ts-ci-badge]:https://github.com/swkBerlin/kata-bootstraps/workflows/ts%20CI/badge.svg "CI build status"
[go-ci-badge]:https://github.com/swkBerlin/kata-bootstraps/workflows/GO%20CI/badge.svg "CI build status"
[ci-actions]:https://github.com/swkBerlin/kata-bootstraps/actions

Commit message:

[TEST] First commit one test passing

README.md, after:

# kata-bootstraps

![java-ci-badge]

# Mars Rover Kata #

Description of the Kata:

    Your Task:
    You’re part of the team that explores Mars by sending remotely controlled vehicles to the surface of the planet. Develop an API that translates the commands sent from earth to instructions that are understood by the rover.    


## Quickstart ## 
The project will be done in Java with Junit and Maven.

## the requirements ##


    You are given the initial starting point (x,y) of a rover and the direction (N,S,E,W) it is facing.
    The rover receives a character array of commands.
    Implement commands that move the rover forward/backward (f,b).
    Implement commands that turn the rover left/right (l,r).

    Implement wrapping at edges. But be careful, planets are spheres. Connect the x edge to the other x edge, so (1,1) for x-1 to (5,1), but connect vertical edges towards themselves in inverted coordinates, so (1,1) for y-1 connects to (5,1).

    Implement obstacle detection before each move to a new square. If a given sequence of commands encounters an obstacle, the rover moves up to the last possible point, aborts the sequence and reports the obstacle.



[java-ci-badge]:https://github.com/swkBerlin/kata-bootstraps/workflows/Java%20CI/badge.svg "CI build status"
